♪♪
[ Bird calling ]
[ Wood creaking ]
[ Wind howling ]
As the water flows,
the clouds pursue
the white puppet.
The curtain rises
on our final act.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Clock ticking ]
Well, this is it.
We're about to reach
the coordinates.
Great.
It feels...
a little strange.
I know what you mean.
It's what that line,
"I feel both ecstasy
and terror," is about.
And who said that?
Dunno.
Where's Fena?
I haven't seen her.
In her cabin, maybe?
♪♪
[ Footsteps approaching ]
Fena!
We're almost there.
Let's go.
Right.
[ Sighs ]
Fena.
Yeah?
It's almost over.
Yeah.
I'm a little nervous.
Same.
Do you think
it's really there?
Eden?
It should.
I see.
Something's
waiting there.
Right.
Sorry.
I know it's all crazy.
[ Chuckles ]
Nah, I'm used to it.
Ya think that's it?
It's not really quite
what I pictured.
I mean, it's just
so dang tiny!
So tiny. Did we
get something wrong?
Fena?
Maybe we were supposed
to reverse the reverse?
Worst-case scenario
we'll just turn around.
I suppose
you're right.
Hey, Fena.
What's the matter?
It's here.
Huh?
What do you mean?
What's here?
[ Rumbling ]
What is that?
An earthquake?
♪♪
What in the world?
It's an island.
Out of nowhere.
Aah! Where the hell
did that come from?
It was waiting.
Waiting for Fena?
Which means somewhere
on this island is Eden?
Alright. Let's go!
♪♪
Whoa!
What's the deal
with this forest?
Everything's so bright here,
it's blinding.
♪♪
Fena!
No need to worry.
It's this way.
Follow me!
She isn't acting like she did
that last time.
It was as if she was
being controlled.
It's like she said.
Huh?
"I have this feeling that
someone will let me know
if I've made
the right choice."
Who'd that be?
No clue.
Okay.
♪♪
Oh, wow!
I've never seen trees
like these before.
They really are
something else.
Uh, guys, this color
isn't one of those
that have an effect
on the human body, right?
[ Laughs ] If he passes out,
I say we leave him.
Okay.
♪♪
[ Water rushing ]
Whoa.
That's cool.
It's so huge!
Fena, you sure
this is it?
Yeah.
Sure.
There's nothing here
but waterfalls.
Mm.
Maybe there's something
behind the waterfalls.
One way to find out.
Okay, you're up, ants!
Aye!
[ Grunting ]
Which do you think
it is?
The one Kaede's by.
Unh-unh.
Ha!
Wow. You were right.
Let's go.
Well, I'll be.
Somebody sure is
raring to go.
Kaede! Lower a rope!
Not another cave.
Should we light
some torches, then?
Nah, we don't need 'em.
Our eyes will adjust.
Think this is chalk?
It's hard to say.
Whoo!
I see the exit!
Yes, the exit,
the exit!
Whoa!
Hey, do you see
what I see?
Oh, wow.
Would you look
at that?
Truly incredible.
♪♪
[ Whimpers ]
Whoa.
This thing goes
a long way down.
Fena!
Hmm?
So where do we
go next?
Down, I guess.
I shoulda known.
♪♪
Yukimaru: Fena.
There's a drop.
Uh, uh, uh...
I-I'm fine!
Karin! Wait up!
Karin: Okay!
But watch your step!
[ Water dripping ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
It looks like we've finally
reached the bottom.
So what do we do now?
Fena!
Where to next?
Hmm...
That way!
♪♪
The color
of these lights,
it makes everything
look extra creepy.
If there's any danger,
Tsubaki's going down first.
Oh, good point.
That guy is softer
than a feather.
Again with the weird colors,
it can't be healthy for us.
So ancient ruins, huh?
I don't see
any signs of life.
Your intuition's gotten
super accurate.
It's neat.
Yeah. I noticed it, too.
So is everything
just, like, clearer?
Kinda. My doubts have faded
since coming ashore.
Cool.
And what's with Yukimaru
and you?
N-N-Nothing at all!
Nothing!
Nope!
Not one single thing!
Got it, loud and clear.
Nada! Zip! Zilch!
I got it the first
thousand times.
No need
to keep asking.
Sheesh!
Ooh.
Is that it?
Yep.
That narrow part there.
My gut says
that's the way in.
That's a long way down.
Yeah.
[ Gasps ]
Uh, guys?
Wait a second!
There's no way I can jump
down there from this high up!
Makaba, help me,
please?
Yukimaru.
Hmm?
Fena is all yours.
[ Grunts ]
Makaba is
a true gentleman.
Tis true.
What do you mean?
Hold on tight.
Got it!
I think
it's gonna be awhile
before they get their butts
down here.
Oop.
Oh.
[ Fena screaming ]
[ Fena grunts ]
Thank you.
Kaede! Enju!
Wait for me!
Kaede: You got it.
Enju: Waiting!
You've quite a way
with women.
Ooh.
This is it.
This is way too easy.
I agree.
Your thoughts?
Hmm.
Fena?
Don't worry.
Let's go.
[ Waves crashing ]
♪♪
Ohh!
It's true! To think this place
really does exist after all.
And you're quite certain
the lost treasure is there?
It is.
Hmm!
This ought to merit me
far more than just a medal!
I'll put together
a landing party straightaway.
♪♪
Whoa. That's weird.
Hmm?
These walls
are all made of books.
Oh.
Oh, yeah,
you're right.
There's a ton
of 'em here!
They all look like
they'd fall apart
if you touched 'em,
though.
There's no way.
What's wrong, Karin?
Never mind.
It can't be.
What can't be?
Well, you've heard of the
Library of Alexandria, right?
If these were those
100,000 lost volumes,
that'd be
an incredible fi--
Fena: Guys!
[ Footsteps approaching ]
♪♪
Huh?
Hmm?
♪♪
So, how do we
open this thing?
It looks like the one
in Orléans.
Fena?
From here on in,
we won't be needing any keys.
All that you require
is just the calling.
...Is just the calling.
[ Locks clicking ]
[ Rumbling ]
Uh, what's that?!
[ Clicking ]
Whoa.
[ Breathes shakily ]
Huh?
[ Rumbling continues ]
[ Clicking ]
[ Door opening ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Whoa!
[ Breathes shakily ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
This is amazing.
Is this real?
[ Both gasp ]
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]
This entire place
is filled with gold.
I've never seen
this much of it!
Whoa!
There's probably enough here
to actually swim in.
Oh! You're a genius!
Wanna go for a dip, huh?
Hee hee!
You betcha I wanna!
Both: One, two!
Hey, you know what this gold
tastes like?
24 karats!
[ Crying ]
With this handful alone,
I can throw them
the best wedding ever!
Look.
This one here's a ducat.
And this other coin I found
is a gulden from Hungary!
Also, this dish
is from the Far East.
Everything here is from
different times and places.
It literally contains treasure
from all around the world.
Fena?
I wonder, is this where
I'm supposed to go?
Whoo-hoo!
Is this really what my father
gave his life for?
The place
he needed me to find?
Well, what does your gut
tell you?
I think...
no.
♪♪
Fena!
This isn't it.
Then where is it?
Hey, Fena.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Hold on, that's...
♪♪
Wait.
Is this...?
Fena.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Fena?
What's wrong?
She came.
She was here
like I am.
"Initium finis."
"Initium" means
the beginning.
[ Singing continues ]
♪♪
This must be
"the lattice stage."
Are you sure?
♪♪
Dance...
atop the lattice stage.
[ Gasps ]
[ Rumbling ]
[ Both gasp ]
[ Singing in Japanese ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
"More than golden"...
..."The land
of the gods."
We found it --
Eden --
where it begins
and ends, too.
[ Singing continues ]
♪♪
Those stairs
lead to Eden.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Yukimaru.
♪♪
[ Gurgling ]
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪